---
layout: doc
title: Mesosphere DCOS Community Edition End User License Agreement
---

**WARNING** BY CLICKING ON THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON, YOU OR THE ENTITY THAT YOU REPRESENT ("LICENSEE") ARE UNCONDITIONALLY CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THE DCOS COMMUNITY EDITION LICENSE AGREEMENT CONSISTING OF THIS PARAGRAPH AND THE FOLLOWING TERMS (THE "AGREEMENT") WITH RESPECT TO THIS PRODUCT. IF A SEPARATE WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THIS PRODUCT EXISTS BETWEEN LICENSEE AND MESOSPHERE, INC. (“MESOSPHERE”), THE TERMS OF THAT WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT (EXCLUDING THE PRE-PRINTED TERMS OF ANY PURCHASE ORDER, CONFIRMATION OR SIMILAR DOCUMENT, WHICH WILL HAVE NO EFFECT AND WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED AGREED TO BY MESOSPHERE) SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE OVER THIS AGREEMENT, AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LICENSEE IS BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THAT WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT.  PROVISION OF THE PRODUCT IS CONDITIONED ON, AND LICENSEE'S INSTALLATION OR USE OF THIS PRODUCT SHALL CONSTITUTE, LICENSEE’S ASSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR OF SUCH EXISTING SEPARATE WRITTEN LICENSE AGREEMENT TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS. IF THESE TERMS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO SUCH TERMS. IF LICENSEE DOES NOT UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO THE FOREGOING, CLICK THE "CANCEL" BUTTON AND THE INSTALLATION PROCESS WILL NOT CONTINUE. IF YOU CONTINUE WITH INSTALLATION, YOU ARE REPRESENTING AND WARRANTING THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO BIND LICENSEE.
#DCOS COMMUNITY EDITION LICENSE TERMS

1. Definitions.
    a. “Effective Date” means the date Licensee agrees to these terms by completing the applicable Order Form.
    a. “Licensed Software” means the proprietary closed-source Mesosphere software components which form a part of the Mesosphere DCOS Community Edition.
    a. “Mesosphere DCOS Community Edition” means the particular Mesosphere-approved combination of Mesosphere software components and third party software components (i.e., the Licensed Software and the Mesosphere Open Source Stack) included in Apache Mesos, Community Edition DCOS and DCOS Modules, and proprietary non-DCOS Mesosphere modules (including Kerberos), which may be provided to Licensee by Mesosphere.
    a. “Mesosphere Open Source Stack” means the Mesosphere open source software and third-party open source software which form a part of the Mesosphere DCOS Community Edition.
    a. “Order Form” means the registration page from which these terms are linked.

1. Grant of License.  Subject to Licensee’s compliance with all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement (including, without limitation, any limitations or restrictions set forth on the Order Form, payment of any fees, and any applicable use limitations), Mesosphere grants Licensee a personal, revocable, nonsublicensable, nontransferable, nonexclusive, limited right during the Term (as defined below) to use the Licensed Software in object code form only in accordance with Mesosphere’s applicable Documentation, only for use on Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform, or any other cloud computing service that Mesosphere may specifically approve in writing.

1. Mesosphere Open Source Stack.  Licensee acknowledges that the components of the Mesosphere Open Source Stack are provided pursuant to various open source licenses (as may be identified to Licensee by Mesosphere from time to time), and Licensee’s use of such components shall be governed by (and nothing herein shall limit any of Licensee’s rights under) the applicable open source licenses.

1. Ownership; Restrictions.  Licensee agrees and acknowledges that Mesosphere and its licensors are the owners of all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Software, any documentation therefor (“Documentation”) and all intellectual property rights therein, and that Licensee shall not obtain or claim any ownership interest in the foregoing. Licensee agrees and acknowledges that the Licensed Software and Documentation contain the valuable trade secrets and proprietary information of Mesosphere and its licensors which have been developed at great expense. Licensee shall not obscure, alter or remove any patent, copyright, trademark or service mark, marking or legend contained on or in any Licensed Software or Documentation. In addition, Licensee will not (and will not allow any third party to) (i) reverse engineer or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any Licensed Software (except to the extent that applicable law prohibits reverse engineering restrictions), (ii) sell, assign, distribute, provide, lease, lend, disclose, use for timesharing or service bureau purposes, or otherwise use or allow others to use for the benefit of any third party, any Licensed Software (except as expressly and specifically authorized by Mesosphere), (iii) possess or use any Licensed Software, or allow the transfer, transmission, export, or re-export of any Licensed Software or portion thereof in violation of any export control laws or regulations administered by the U.S. Commerce Department, U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or any other government agency, (iv) disclose to any third party any benchmarking or comparative study involving any Licensed Software, or (v) modify, adapt, translate or create derivative works based on any Licensed Software.  Prior to disposing of any media or apparatus containing any part of the Licensed Software, Licensee shall completely destroy any Licensed Software contained therein.  All the limitations and restrictions on Licensed Software in this Agreement also apply to Documentation.  LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE LICENSED SOFTWARE MAY INCLUDE FEATURES TO PREVENT USE AFTER THE APPLICABLE LICENSE PERIOD AND/OR USE INCONSISTENT HEREWITH.

1. Diagnostic Information.  Provided it does not identify Licensee, Mesosphere will be free to use for development, diagnostic and corrective purposes any data and information it may collect (or Licensee may provide) relating to diagnosis, problems, systems, performance, use or functionality, and may allow others to do so.

1. Confidentiality.  Each party (the “Receiving Party”) understands that the other party (the “Disclosing Party”) has disclosed or may disclose information relating to the Disclosing Party’s technology or business (hereinafter referred to as “Proprietary Information” of the Disclosing Party).  The Receiving Party agrees: (i) not to divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information, (ii) to give access to such Proprietary Information solely to those employees with a need to have access thereto for purposes of this Agreement, and (iii) to take the same security precautions to protect against disclosure or unauthorized use of such Proprietary Information that the party takes with its own proprietary information, but in no event will a party apply less than reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information. The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing will not apply with respect to any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public without any action by, or involvement of, the Receiving Party, or (b) was in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without restriction by a third party, or (d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party. Nothing in this Agreement will prevent the Receiving Party from disclosing the Proprietary Information pursuant to any judicial or governmental order, provided that the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party reasonable prior notice of such disclosure to contest such order. In any event, Mesosphere may collect data with respect to and report on aggregate measures of the Mesosphere DCOS Community Edition’s performance and other measures to enhance the performance of the Mesosphere DCOS Community Edition.  Customer acknowledges that Mesosphere does not wish to receive any Proprietary Information from Customer that is not necessary for Mesosphere to perform its obligations under this Agreement, and, unless the parties specifically agree otherwise, Mesosphere may reasonably presume that any unrelated information received from Customer is not confidential or Proprietary Information.

1. Term; Termination.  Unless earlier terminated as set forth herein, this Agreement will commence as of the Effective Date of the Order Form, and will continue in full force and effect until terminated (the “Term”).  This Agreement may be terminated (i) immediately, if Licensee materially breaches any provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any payment obligations hereof); (ii) by either party upon written notice to the other if any assignment is made by such other party for the benefit of creditors, or if a receiver, trustee in bankruptcy or similar officer shall be appointed to take charge of any or all of such other party’s property, or if such other party files a voluntary petition under federal bankruptcy laws or similar state or foreign statutes or such petition is filed against such other party; or (iii) upon thirty (30) days’ notice by either party.  Except as expressly provided herein, upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights, licenses and obligations of the parties shall immediately cease and terminate. The provisions of Sections 1, 3, 4, and 5 through 12 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement in accordance with their terms. Upon any termination, Licensee shall immediately cease all use of all Licensed Software and return or destroy all copies of all Licensed Software and all portions thereof and so certify to Mesosphere.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the terms hereof shall survive any termination.  Termination is not an exclusive remedy and all other remedies will be available whether or not termination occurs.

1. Feedback.  Licensee may provide Mesosphere with feedback that Mesosphere reasonably requests with respect to Licensee’s use of the Licensed Software (e.g., feedback related to usability, performance, interactivity, bug reports and test results of the Licensed Software) (“Feedback”).  Licensee hereby grants Mesosphere a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty free, fully paid-up license to freely use and make available the Feedback for any purpose.

1. Indemnification.  Licensee shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Mesosphere, its affiliates, and each of its, and its affiliates, employees, contractors, directors, supplier and representatives, from and against any liabilities, losses, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising from Licensee’s actions in connection with any (i) breach of this Agreement, (ii) exploitation of the data and information used in connection with or generated by the use of the Licensed Software, or (iii) unauthorized use of the Licensed Software, including any claim that such actions violate any applicable law or third party right.
Disclaimer.  MESOSPHERE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, MESOSPHERE OPEN SOURCE STACK, SUPPORT SERVICES, AND DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, MESOSPHERE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR MESOSPHERE OPEN SOURCE STACK WILL MEET LICENSEE’S REQUIREMENTS OR WILL OPERATE IN COMBINATIONS OR IN A MANNER SELECTED FOR USE BY LICENSEE, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR MESOSPHERE OPEN SOURCE STACK WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.

1. Limitation of Liability.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE HEREIN OR OTHERWISE, AND EXCEPT FOR BODILY INJURY, NEITHER MESOSPHERE NOR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS SHALL BE LIABLE OR OBLIGATED WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF OR UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (I) FOR ANY COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, TECHNOLOGY, SERVICES OR RIGHTS; (II) FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (III) FOR INTERRUPTION OF USE OR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA; (III) FOR ANY AMOUNTS IN EXCESS OF AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT; OR (IV) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND ITS REASONABLE CONTROL.  THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED, OR INTENDED FOR USE IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE WHERE THE FAILURE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SIGNIFICANT PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE (“HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES”).  USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IN HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES IS NOT AUTHORIZED.  THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THIS SECTION 10 REPRESENTS A REASONABLE ALLOCATION OF RISK AND THAT MESOSPHERE WOULD NOT PROCEED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH ALLOCATION.

1. Miscellaneous.  Neither this Agreement nor any rights, obligations or licenses granted hereunder may be assigned or delegated by either party without the prior written consent of the other party; provided that Mesosphere may assign this Agreement without such consent to a successor-in-interest in connection with a sale of substantially all of such party’s business relating to this Agreement.  The provisions hereof are for the benefit of the parties only and not for any other person or entity.  For all purposes hereof and in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, Mesosphere is and shall remain an independent contractor and nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to create an employment relationship between Licensee and any employee, agent or independent contractor of Mesosphere. Neither party shall have any authority to, nor shall a party attempt to, insure any obligations on behalf of the other party or to make any promise, representation or contract of any nature on behalf of the other party. Any notice, report, approval, authorization, agreement or consent required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing; notices shall be sent to the addresses set forth on the Order Form, or to any updated address that a party may provide by written notice.  No failure or delay in exercising any right hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise.  If any provision shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.  This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be construed pursuant to the laws of the State of California and the United States without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof, and without regard to the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods or the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act.  This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements and communications relating to the subject matter hereof and any waivers or amendments shall be effective only if made in writing; however, any pre-printed or standard terms of any purchase order, confirmation, or similar form, even if signed by the parties after the effectiveness hereof, shall have no force or effect.  The substantially prevailing party in any action to enforce this agreement will be entitled to recover its attorney’s fees and costs in connection with such action. The Licensed Software is a "commercial item" as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101.  Any use, modification, derivative, reproduction, release, performance, display, disclosure or distribution of the Licensed Software by any government entity is prohibited, except as expressly permitted by the terms hereunder.  Additionally, any use by U.S. government entities must be in accordance with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4.  Contractor/manufacturer is Mesosphere, Inc. with offices at 88 Stevenson St., San Francisco, CA 94105.
